####Questions
>Practice breaking it down! Choose one of the following to explain as if the listener has never done it before:
What are the steps involved in making a peanut butter and jelly sandwich?

A: Here are the steps when breaking down making a peanut butter and jelly sandwich. First you need to get your ingredients together. You will need Peanut Butter, Jelly, Bread and a butter knife. You will get your bread flat next to each other on a clean surface. Stir your peanut butter around to soften it and make it easier to spread on the bread. Use the butter knife to scoop out peanut butter and begin spreading it on one slive of bread evenly. Decide how much you want on the bread. Now it is time to clean you knife with water and open your jar of jelly. Using your clean knife scoop out some jelly and spead your desired amount on the other piece of bread on the clean surface. Now take your two slices of bread that you have applied jelly and peanut butter and press them together so the jelly and peanut butter are touching. You now have a sandwich. Place your combined bread, jelly and peanut butter sandwich back on the clean surface. Get your knife, clean it off again and cut the sandwich in half any way you want so you have two equel sides. Now you can eat your peanut butter and jelly sandwich.

>In our “Say Hi” example, if the Say Hi part of the program never runs, how would you narrow down the problem?

A: You would need to do a process of elimination to see which part of the linear program is failing. You would start at the end and see where it is messing up. First I would put my user name input and try pushing the button and see what happened. You need to try to find the last step that worked and I would just run the program and try to see the steps. Ok the user name input let me put my username. My username is correct so I should be getting the Say Hi. Ok Now I push the button. The button pushes and changed color. Okay. When we find something that does not work we know that the problem is occuring in that step because we pushed the button and the desired outcome "Say Hi" did not happen. So I would break it down here. You want to find the last action that worked. That is the key. It will really narrow down the problem in the program debugging.

>What would the roadmap for narrowing down the Say Hi problem look like?

A: The roadmap would look like this. 
Input Username, Is username correct if yes no problem. If username is not correct, this could be problem. Check Account settings make sure user information is correct. User Clicks button, Is user able to click button or mouse might be broken. User is able to click button. Is button active and linked to correct url or javascript, User is able to click button and Say Hi is not dispayed.

>Create a problem-solving example using a roadmap and the process of elimination for narrowing down issues of your own. You already use this skill daily. Break down and explain a problem you solve in your everyday life.

A: You need to run through the program to see what is happening and not happening. First I would check to see if you are able to input username. If you could no problem. If you cant input your username then that is your problem. I would also check to make sure Is username correct if yes no problem. If username is not correct, this could be problem. Check Account settings make sure user information is correct. If it is not correct this could be problem. User Clicks button, Is user able to click button or mouse might be broken. User is able to click button. Is button active and linked to correct url or javascript, User is able to click button and Say Hi is not dispayed. I would say there is something messed up with where the button is linking, javascript associated with the button or the possible dispay message code.